OKTA-649951 Profile and progressive profile enrollment UI updates (#4400)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/sampleapp-oie-redirectauth/main/index.md

2. Access the [Facebook App Dashboard](https://developers.facebook.com/apps).
3. Create a Facebook app using these [instructions](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/development/create-an-app).

>     > **Note:** When you're creating the app, select **Consumer** as the app type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > **Note:** When you create the app, select **Consumer** as the app type.
```
